let's spend the day to store
to
boredom if something happens to you
interesting some history worth the
sorry to hear
and I can not over something interesting that
count of some and studied me
laugh to touch nothing I told you not to
nothing happens to me and leave me alone I'm
reading like that does not speak a friend I'm
boring
okay and laugh
but I repeat, I can not think of anything
funny
I already have it if you want so much
laugh I believe you but most likely is the
headset of the atrial edge of the
risk
the only problem with these headphones
this andy satin floor brings them to
Sometimes they can
what a funny house I feel better to laugh is
Well now he will not be around all day
bored wait a moment but here
I have to walk with you
she now sit here young man and
never in my whole life had so much happened
embarrassment like today when he has gone to the
school and you do not feel any shame at
be the last of your class
please
plus
it's also really fun
good
this model is really import
you what divisions I that is very
all right
because I do not try it, keep teaching me
truth that comes feels
if I'm likely
etc
everything feels good to me how handsome he is and what
Handsome
and everyone
or what is an account
you like the suit that bought me
mother it can be true that you laugh
sound that you think I feel
all right
a move
for my mother
Y
deluca what about you
while half
Canary dead
I wait a moment if your place of people
I explain to you I do not want to see you ever
you wait but do not say if his person
how dare you laugh so much when
others suffer their pains
so alone
please
it is a choice or record of people
i
Christmas is listening to stories
interesting that one listens and avid
monokini and had the red butt
and that he lived in a place apart from
settlement